In this lesson, you discovered
that meeting customer demand and providing
superior service is one of the most important
benefits of good logistics management.
You also found out that logistics management is important
for creating visibility into the supply chain
and is an integral factor in the success
of any hospital's operations
and has a direct impact on their patient care.
You should have also noted that the major processes involved
in Supply Chain Management are procurement,
inventory management, warehousing,
and customer management, and have a good understanding
how SCM improves each of these processes.